This is a review of the MS "Testing Newton's Second Law" by Fuks et al.

The MS tests Newton's second law (F=ma) using a small cart and pulley system.
They find that as m increases, a decreases as predicted by F=ma. I recommend
major revisions / resubmit. 

Introduction: The introduction is mostly clear except we never "prove" a
physical law. The verb "prove" should be restricted to the mathematical
logical sense of proof from accepted postulates. Here we are testing hypotheses
that F=ma, observing and evaluating whether F=ma holds or not; it is not proof
but if we do such observations enough we provisionally accept F=ma as a useful
model of how the world works; indeed it works OK at low v but fails to work when
we have v-> c for example.

Methods and materials: Authors should spell out numbers less than ten. Key gear
should have a supplier identified so I can replicate with the same cart or track
SI units should be used. The setup photo is dark and grainy and does not
illustrate the setup well; consider a drawing. The diagram (and calculational
procedure given later in results) below in methods. 

The actualy measurement procedure is explained in a cookbook imperative voice
setp by step. This would normally be written succinctly in past tense to explain simply what was done; and it need not be in chronological order.

Rather than give a cookbook, I would have preferred more understanding of
how many replicates and how the authors chose to do the test - is F held
constant and m varies, is m constant and F varies, both?

Results: The graphs axes are not clear at all, and use confusing terminology
(weight, a force in N versus mass, in kg).

It seems that the authors found a measured acceleration of 0.14 m/s2 and
compare it to a calcualted acceleration of 0.12 m/s2; but it is unclear
what happened to all the different replicates they did and what happened
with different masses. They succeed in showign F=ma for one particular
measuremetn within 10% accuracy, but I would have liked to have seen
all the replicates they talk about. 
